
=head1 NAME

gosa-si-client.conf - Configuration file for gosa-si-client.


=head1 DESCRIPTION

The gosa-si-client.conf file defines all parameter GOsa-SI-client needs for running and communication with GOsa-SI-server. It is normally located in the F</etc/gosa-si/> directory and is generated automatically by the gosa-si-client(1) program during installation. 

=head1 DIRECTIVES

=head2 [General]

=over 4

=item log-file = /var/log/gosa-si/gosa-si-client.log

Defines the location for the log file.

=item pid-file = /var/run/gosa-si/gosa-si-client.pid

Defines the location for the pid file.

=item opts-file = var/run/gosa-si/gosa-si-client.opts

Defines the location for the opts file.

=back


=head2 [Client]

=over 4

=item port = 20083

Defines the port GOsa-SI-client is listening for incoming messages.

=item ip = 0.0.0.0

If set GOsa-SI-client is forced to use this ip address. If it is not set, an automated determination is tried.

=item mac-address = 00:00:00:00:00:00

If set GOsa-SI-client is forced to use this mac address. If it is not set, an automated determination is tried.

=item server-domain =

Forces the search domain used to get possible servers from DNS. If not set, the client will search the domains from $ENV.

=item ldap = 1 | 0

If set to '1', the client will get the LDAP-Configuration from the registration server (on every registration process). Under some circumstances this is not wanted, so setting to '0' disables this behavior.

=item ldap-config = /etc/ldap/ldap.conf

Defines the location for ldap.conf file.

=item pam-config = /etc/pam_ldap.conf

Defines the location for pam-ldap.conf file. 

=item nss-config = /etc/libnss-ldap.conf

Defines the location for libnss-ldap.conf file.

=item fai-logpath = /var/log/fai/fai.log

Defines the location for fai.log file.

=item force-hostname = false | true

If set to true, client will try to get the hostname for registration from $ENV. Used in FAI environments, when hostname gets set from DHCP.

=item system-com = disabled | enabled

Open a different fifo for system communication

=back


=head2 [Server]

=over 4

=item ip = 127.0.0.1

If set GOsa-SI-client is forced to register at specified GOsa-SI-Server. If it is not set, GOsa-SI tries to register at GOsa-SI-servers found in DNS. 

=item port = 20081

Defines the port GOsa-SI-server is listening for incoming messages.

=item key = 

Defines the password GOsa-SI-server messages should be encrypted. This has to be modified, default value will usually not work!!!

=item timeout = 10

Defines in seconds the timeout GOsa-SI-client is waiting for the next try if all registraion efforts fails.

=item key-lifetime = 600

Defines in seconds the lifetime of the key GOsa-SI-server messages should be encrypted with. 

=back


=head2 [krb5]

=over 2

=item admin = user

Define the admin for your kerberos realm

=item password = password

Defines the password for your kerberos realm admin

=back


=head1 BUGS 

Please report any bugs, or post any suggestions, to the GOsa mailing list <gosa-devel@oss.gonicus.de> or to <https://oss.gonicus.de/labs/gosa>


=head1 LICENCE AND COPYRIGHT

This code is part of GOsa (L<http://www.gosa-project.org>)

Copyright (C) 2003-2010 GONICUS GmbH

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

=cut
