
=head1 NAME

gosa-si-server.conf - Configuration file for gosa-si-server.


=head1 DESCRIPTION

The gosa-si-server.conf file defines all parameter GOsa-SI-server needs for running. It is normally located in the /etc/gosa-si/ directory and is generated automatically by the gosa-si-server(1) program during installation. 

=head1 DIRECTIVES


=head2 [General]

=over 4

=item logfile = /var/log/gosa-si/gosa-si-server.log

Defines the location for the log file.

=item pid-file = /var/run/gosa-si/gosa-si-server.pid
Defines the location for the pid file.

=back


=head2 [Server]

=over 4

=item ip = 1.2.3.4

Defines the ip address GOsa-SI-server should use. Default: GOsa-SI determines the the ip address based on the destination address.

=item port = 20081

Defines the port GOsa-SI-server is listening for incoming messages.

=item known-clients = /var/lib/gosa-si/clients.db

Defines the location for the local DB 'known_clients'.

=item known-server = /var/lib/gosa-si/servers.db

Defines the location for the local DB 'known_server'.

=item incoming = /var/lib/gosa-si/incoming.db

Defines the location for the local DB 'incoming'.

=item login-users = /var/lib/gosa-si/users.db

Defines the location for the local DB 'login_users'.

=item fai-server = /var/lib/gosa-si/fai_server.db

Defines the location for the local DB 'fai_server'.

=item fai-release = /var/lib/gosa-si/fai_release.db

Defines the location for the local DB 'fai_release'.

=item packages-list = /var/lib/gosa-si/packages.db

Defines the location for the local DB 'packages_list'.

=item messaging = /var/lib/gosa-si/messaging.db

Defines the location for the local DB 'messaging'.

=item foreign-clients = /var/lib/gosa-si/foreign_clients.db

Defines the location for the local DB 'foreign_clients'.

=item source-list = /etc/apt/sources.list

Defines the location for the sources file. 

=item repo-path = /srv/www/

Defines the location of the dak Archive or local Debian Mirror and is scanned for Debian Packages.

=item debian-arch = i386

Defines the architecture of the debian repository.

=item ldap-uri = 

Defines the LDAP uniform resource identifier.

=item ldap-base = 

Defines the LDAP base. 

=item ldap-admin-dn = 

Defines the distinguished name of the administrator.

=item ldap-admin-password = 

Defines the password of the administrator.

=item ldap-version = 3

Define the ldap protocol version used

=item ldap-retry-sec = 10

Define the number of second gosa-si-server should wait if ldap is not available

=item gosa-unit-tag = 

Forces the Unit-Tag in a tagged environment. If not set, GOsa-SI tries to get the tag from the server entry in LDAP.

=item max-clients = 10

Defines the maximum number of GOsa-SI-clients connected to the GOsa-SI-server.

=item wol-password =

Defines the password for wake on LAN (WOL).

=back

=head2 [GOsaPackages]

=over 4

=item job-queue = /var/lib/gosa-si/jobs.db

Defines the location for the local DB 'job_queue'.

=item job-queue-loop-delay = 3

Defines the seconds the job queue is checked. 

=item messaging-db-loop-delay = 3

Defines the seconds the messaging queue is checked.

=item key = none

Defines the password incoming GOsaPackages messages should be encrypted. This has to be modified, default value will not work!!!

=item new-systems-ou = ou=workstations,ou=systems

Define the branch in your ldap tree where new systems should be put, only change if you know what you are doing !!!

=item dak-base = /srv/archive

Base Directory of the local dak Archive.

=item dak-keyring = /srv/archive/keyrings

Directory with keyrings that hold the gpg-keys the archive accepts when uploading Debian packages.

=item dak-queue = /srv/archive/queue

Directory with the different dak queues.

=item dak-usr = deb-dak

User that is used to access dak files. Only needed if you have manually changed the default.

=back


=head2 [ClientPackages]

=over 4

=item key = none

Defines the password incoming ClientPackages messages should be encrypted. This has to be modified, default value will not work!!!

=item user-date-of-expiry = 600

Lifetime of logged in user information. If no update information comes after n seconds,
the user is marked to be no longer logged in or the host is no longer running.

=back


=head2 [ServerPackages]

=over 4

=item address = 

Comma separated list of GOsa-si-servers (1.2.3.4:20081,9.8.7.6:123) in network where this SI-server should register. These given SI-servers extend the list of SI-servers found in DNS. 

=item dns-lookup = true

Perform a DNS lookup for server registration

=item domain =

Forces the search domain used to get possible foreign servers from DNS. If not set, this server will search the domains found in domain or search statement in /etc/resolv.conf.

=item key = none

Defines the password incoming ServerPackages messages should be encrypted. This has to be modified, default value will not work!!!

=item key-lifetime = 120

Defines the lifetime in seconds of a GOsa-SI-server key. After expiring the key will be automatically renewed. 

=item job-synchronization-enabled = true

Defines whether job queue information are be shared with other GOsa-SI-server in network.

=item synchronization-loog = 5

Defines in seconds after which time the job queue synchronization is being done. 

=back


=head2 [ArpHandler]

=over

=item enabled = false

Defines whether the ArpHandler is being activated at GOsa-SI-server start.

=item interface = all

Space- or comma-separated list of interfaces on which to start an ARP-Daemon. Enter 'all' to use all possible interfaces (Default).

=back

=head2 [Opsi]

=over 4

=item enabled = false

Defines whether Opsi integration is being enabled or not.

=item server = localhost

Define the hostname of the Opsi server

=item admin = opsi-admin

Define the name of the opsi admin

=item password =  

Define the Opsi admin password

=back

=head1 BUGS 

Please report any bugs, or post any suggestions, to the GOsa mailing list <gosa-devel@oss.gonicus.de> or to <https://oss.gonicus.de/labs/gosa>


=head1 LICENCE AND COPYRIGHT

This code is part of GOsa (L<http://www.gosa-project.org>)

Copyright (C) 2003-2010 GONICUS GmbH

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.



=cut



